All right. Well, just let me know when
everybody's here.
I'm just going to sing a little bit
before everybody comes in.
Only
believe.
Only believe.
All things are possible.
Only
believe.
All things are possible
when you only
believe.
Lord, I believe.
All things are possible.
Lord,
I believe.
Lord, I receive.
All things are possible.
Well, good morning family. Thank you
for joining us again today.
I'm going to just take the time right
now and anoint myself with oil.
I believe with all my heart
in anointing yourself with oil
in these last days. You need to do it
every single day. I anoint my
kids. I anoint my wife. I
anoint everything.
I walk around with a bottle of
oil in my pocket because I just believe in
the power of the blood of Jesus.
I don't want to make it a religious
habit, but I do it because of
the
relationship of just
honoring the blood of Jesus,
honoring my covenant. That's why we take
communion all the time. We got communion
all over the place. And
as I was
watching some of the prayer
breakfast this morning
and seeing where we are as a nation and
the valley of decision of where
President Trump is, we're in
that place right now that the Lord
showed us. And I didn't realize the
prayer breakfast was on the 4th, the
day after the
3rd.
He came in and he said
a lot of things about making this
nation one nation under God again. He
wanted to do a big prayer thing, which
Brayden
can show you a clip.
There's a prayer breakfast he wants
to do like a prayer at the National
Mall or whatever on the 17th of May.
He wants to dedicate this
nation back to God in prayer. And
I think that's
a great step.
I believe we can work with that.
From
what I have seen coming
even today interceding for this nation,
the Lord keeps talking about a humbling
is coming,
a shaking is coming
to bring the bride back to his side.
And in
his speech yesterday, he even talked
about the speaker of the house
being real religious and he said, "I
want to be around him more because I
don't know if God would protect me like
he would him. So, I want to hang around
him more."You can see the clip there if
you want to see it. But you know, Mike Johnson
is
a very religious person
and
he does not hide it.
He'll say to me sometimes at lunch,
"Sir,
may we pray?"I say, "Excuse me,
what
happened at
lunch?"It's
okay with me,
but he's a very religious person and
he is popular and he's doing an
unbelievable job. So, I think God is
watching over
him. I don't know about me,
so I hang around with him because I feel
I'm protected a little bit.
Sir, we believe that God is protecting
you, too.
We're praying for you.
We're excited
that you would be excited to have a day
of prayer and that you would show up and
pray
that you would say, "Hey, we want to
make this nation
a nation under God again and
declare it as the head of the
nation."We
pray for your protection. We pray
for your wisdom in leading
the nation, praying for you to be
a God-fearing man, a backbone like a
crowbar, that you're not full of
pride, that you're humble before the
Lord, and that God will use you
in these last days.
I'm excited about what you said today.
I'm excited about some of the things.
Yeah, I believe
as the body of Christ, we need to
work with this. We need to back you.
Let's pray for him as we see crypto and
these things tanking, gold and silver
and all these things. I said, "Lord,
I
need that
window."There's
certain cryptos that fell really
hard over the last
couple of days
and I thought, Lord, is this a great
buying opportunity or is this
what I saw about the great
financial start? What I
heard when I was praying today the Lord
said, Braden, it's trying to come on
early.
It's trying to come on early, what you
saw about the great financial shaking
and things. It's trying to come on
early.
You must hold it back in prayer.
If you don't contend for what I have for
you,
this is Satan's wheelhouse, the
finances.
And as the elite
of what I told you, the Illuminati with
the mask and all the things that I saw
are being exposed and the darkness is
being covered. They will do things in
retaliation against the economy on
purpose.
They have the ability to do that
by pulling their money out and doing
things to try to manipulate the economy,
to try to manipulate the dollar, to try
to do what they got to do with the power
that they have to leverage it
with what the devil is telling them to
do.
And if they can try to sink the ship
early,
they will do so.
So what do we do as the church? We
pray. The devil knows the words and they
know. He knows they're accurate. He knows
what the Lord is saying.
He knows what the Lord has
planned for his body and I told you
1% of the people, if you're listening,
will walk in the end time wealth
transfer,
1%, because the others are not listening.
They're not walking by his side.
And so I see the things happening and
people are upset and oh, it looks so
bad. It looks like
blood is in the streets.
But instantaneously, instead of
being moved by what I see or what I
feel, I have to just go vertical and sit
there and go, "Hey God, it's in your
hands."I
use my authority. We pray and we
do everything we can
but ultimately
I was still singing the song.
I know the sorrow and I know it
all. I don't know all the
words, because whenever I don't
know all the words I make them up
to him,
but he knows what I'm saying.
Braden,
he knows I just sit there
and sing to the Lord. It'll all go away if
you just say the word. But even if you
don't,
you know that one by
Mercy
Me,
that song, "It is well with my
soul."Whenever
you see all these things
happening,
it is well,
it is well with
my soul.
I was singing that out in the shower today.
And there's something
when you realize that
no matter how much I know that the word
of faith, we believe we
have power and life and death is in
our tongue. That's what the Bible says.
But there's a certain place
that you've done all you can do,
is stand and stand there.
And you don't always see the result of
what you're believing for.
Sometimes people go home early.
Sometimes things happen.
But that is where I said, it is well with
my soul.
Regardless of what I see and what I
feel, if it don't always pan out the way
you thought it would,
I keep my eyes on Jesus and always
maintain that place of praise and glory
even whenever I don't always see what I
wanted to see.
Does that make sense what I'm saying to
you? There were so many times even with
Megan
years and years I thought, "Lord, do you
see what I'm going through?
Do you
feel my pain
with my little girl and the things that
we've walked
through?"But
yesterday,
Diana was in and she said,
"Braden,
I felt the Lord say
to take Megan to get her hair
done."I
said,
and instantaneously I'm thinking, do
you remember what happened last time we
did that? Back when she was six years
old. She's 21 now, next month.
And she has never had her hair done. I
always trim it
to
try to keep it out of her face so she
doesn't get her she wads it up and gets
in huge knots in her hair all
the time because she's always touching
it and doing things, you know. And
I thought, well, I trust that you heard
the Lord.
But Megan doesn't like it when people
put scissors next to her face. She
doesn't like the people putting
their hands next to her, you know, like
most people don't. You know, you put
your hand next to my eyes, I'm going
to try to
freak out and bite you or whatever,
you know, but Megan has never been a
person who likes that.
And so last time we went to the barber,
the salon or whatever, I had to hold
her arms with
the
cape around both of us and had that
person cutting her hair and Megan was
trying
to bite them the whole time they
were trying to cut her hair.
She was screaming at the top
of her lungs
to the point where we were so
embarrassed after we left because the
place was full that I vowed I'd never do
that again to her.
So when Diana said,
"You know, Brandon, I heard the Lord
today,"I
said, "Baby, I trust you.
Let's do it."So we called the people
and we got right in.
And as
Megan sat there and they washed her hair
and got all the knots out because we try so
hard to keep her
hair—but
when you're dealing with somebody that
is always doing that stuff, it's very
interesting.
Unless you live it, you never understand
it.
As we were going there and all that was
happening yesterday,
there was such a peace on Megan. She was
enjoying it. She was giggling. She was
laughing as the people were washing her
hair.
As she sat there, I sat over to the side
this time because both of us couldn't
fit in the chair.
She sat there and the lady was brushing
her hair and combing all the knots out
and cleaning her hair up and was
cutting and she did the whole hair. And
Megan sat there
looking at herself in the mirror this
time,
acting
like everything was okay. Yeah,
she still put her hands on her ears
because
the beauticians were loud or whatever,
but she got her first style and haircut
at 21 years old. It
was
something that we—as Diana was
getting her hair next to her done in
Paisley—all
my girls got their hair
done for the first time together as a
family,
a
girls'day.
As you pray
and you say, "It is well with my
soul."And
you go through the sorrow and you
don't know the hurt,
it'll all go away if you just say the
word. But even if you
don't—but
in that circumstance when you're
believing and you get your breakthrough
and you have your suddenly,
you have your
suddenly—the
expiration date
to the problem.
Never forget where you come from.
Now that you can see it happen,
something that you always longed for, to
have your daughter always look nice and
to have her hair done right.
Never forget where God brought you from.
Never forget the valley.
I still pinch myself when she's
sitting there getting her teeth cleaned
like
when she got them done this last week.
And the dentist looked at her at
that time and he looked at her again.
He goes,
"My goodness, look how far your little
girl's
come."He's
a Christian. He's a believer.
And as Megan's getting her teeth
X-rayed and doing all that, she didn't
even do anything; she just
let him clean them.
But as I saw her sitting there getting
her hair done and they were brushing it
up and combing and doing all these
things and
blow-drying,
they thought we were strange because of
the way Diana and I both were watching
with our mouths open
because we were
witnessing a miracle.
A lot of people will never understand
the miracle
whenever they see the manifestation
around you
because they didn't walk in the valley.
But when you see God
show up
after 21 years,
you get a breakthrough.
I cry because it's something
that I've believed for for so long.
And yesterday was one of those days you
just get through... and
the bombardment of the pressure from
the world and the things that I've dealt
with lately from this channel,
praying for our president that I know
that God has assigned me to pray for
him.
And I'm so thankful that there's so
many of you
that take this prayer channel
seriously
even whenever I have an off day like we
did this last time
and the Lord says, "I just want you to
show by
example."That
I don't use the Lord, he uses me.
I don't tap into it, he allows me to use
it. I have this treasure in
earthen
vessels that the excellency of the power
is known of him and not of me.
No matter how much I see or what I don't
see,
we give all the glory to God.
And I know you've heard me say that a
thousand times, but you'll hear me say
it a thousand more
because you saw
that it is not random Biggs. I believe
some of you are just like whatever. I
don't care what you think. But
I was so
taken these last two days to pray over
things and pray over the valley of
decision and where President Trump is
with the nation and praying
over Israel, praying over the
finances of the nation
because of how serious things are right
now.
If people didn't realize how
much we're on rice paper right now,
the escalation of things, the
acceleration of things of the end times
is all around us.
And most people have their head in the
sand.
They're too busy typing in the
chat,
"How are you doing, sister
clipboard?"And
I'm just like, "Do you understand? It's a
holy
moment."The
chat is toxic.
There's so many people that lose
themselves
in just trying to entertain
themselves.
God is in the still small voice.
He's in the moment
that is not the shock and awe.
He's not insecure.
He doesn't need that to validate he is
God. He is God regardless.
And even with Diana saying,
"Lord, are you upset about the
AI?"They're
going to try to discredit the
miracles in the days ahead. People will
question whether or not you really did
it or not.
And he said,
"Good."Diana
said,
"What?"He
said, "Good.
Blessed are those that have not seen yet
still
believe."So
you're not bothered by AI trying to
discredit the miracles that are about to
take place, people trying to question
him
if it's authentic or not.
God's not insecure.
God does not need
to be validated.
He's worthy and he deserves
all the honor and all the praise of
everything we ever do.
But God's not looking for you to go,
"Hey, I need to know. I need you,
Brandon, to validate me
to make me feel like I'm God
today."He's
secure in who he is.
He doesn't need me to go, "You know
what? The AI disproved you,
Lord."I
really think he's like, "I don't care
about what... I'm God.
I'm secure in who I am.
I am that I am. Either you believe it or
you don't. But I don't care
if you do or if you don't.
I don't need your validation,
Brandon."So
many times I think these prophetic
channels need to be validated. I've
seen and been insecure about it myself,
needing
them to see that I was right and what the
Lord said to me because you want people
to—it's
like everybody says,
"You need to be acid tested, Brandon.
You need to be acid tested, your words
that you give. You say so much, you need
an
acid test."So when I have an acid test
moment, I try to show everybody
because you need that validation from
people to let you know, to say, "I
heard it. I see. I told you I heard
it."But
when the Lord said...
well, he said to Diana and
me both after it was over because I
questioned, I sat there looking, "I
don't need your validation.
I'm confident in who I am."And when
Diana said that, I questioned, I went,
"Wow, baby.
Wow."God
is secure in who he is. And when
Diana said that, it was beautiful
because I realize that
there's so much to that statement that
he said to her.
There's so much to the conversations
because
Diana thinks on a different
level.
I think real country backwoods, but
Diana is really
intellectual
and
analytical and she thinks real deep and
she has these conversations
with the Lord that are really
humdingers—is
what I want to call
them. They make you think a lot.
And
the things that he says to her are so
much different than me because all our
relationships are so personal.
Even her relationship with the Lord is
so unique, not cookie cutter.
If you're trying to imitate somebody
else, you're missing it. You're fearfully
and wonderfully made by yourself.
You do not need to be a Brandon.
You do not need to be a Diana.
You just need to be you.
So many times I wanted to be like Billy
Graham.
Boy, if you could give an altar call like
Billy Graham, you'd be doing something.
Or someone else who was in healing
ministry—I
won't mention his name now,
but I want to be like that.
Touch, fire, all this stuff.
But the more I get to know certain
people, I go, "You know what? I just need to
be me."They
have
issues,
and I don't want their issues with their
tissues; I just need to be me.
I don't dishonor them,
and I look at where they've been and
what they've
achieved for the Lord, but I am
fearfully and wonderfully made myself.
There
are
no cookie cutters. There's no
parroting.
Just be unique and be authentic.
As I watched this girl cut Megan's hair
yesterday,
she was a heavy-set girl
and she was so confident in her ability
to cut hair.
She didn't question if she was too
heavy
or
whatever;
she wasn't trying to mimic herself off
of somebody else. She was just doing her
job and was an artist at what she
was doing.
I realize there are many times
I feel like I don't fit the mold of
what I'm supposed to be behind this
camera for you.
I'm too heavy, I'm not smart enough; there
are
so many things
that try to disqualify me
until the Lord showed me,
"Just be confident in who you are. I'm
working with your weight issues. I'm
doing these things for you, Brandon.
But there's nobody else who can do what I've
called you to do.
Just be
you."I've
just had
those "come to
Jesus"moments these
last couple of days.
After the last video, I was so
upset about how everything went, and the
Lord said, "I did that on purpose.
It's not about you
and people validating you.
It's about them finding me.
If your channel goes away, where will
they be?
Will they find me in a deeper
intimacy?
I want you to teach them to
come to me.
They don't need you;
they just need me and
them."Does
that make sense? They need to go
vertical.
They don't need a relationship with you;
they need it with me. Go vertical. And
the things He says challenge me, and I sit there and go... He
says,
"If people look too much at man,
I'll show that they're just man.
I'll allow them to see how human you
really
are."So,
I'm so thankful that you were able
to see it.
I fear Him.
I fear Him
as I hear so much
toxicity
in ministry nowadays.
One minister said, "I won't preach
anywhere unless I get $50,000 per time I
speak.
They have to raise that money before
I'll even go there."I'm not mentioning his
name.
I saw the materialism of the church even
more so
lately—the
big business side.
And there is a side of this that is very
scary to me.
I refuse to be any part of it.
I
told the Lord,
"What is it to gain the whole
world and lose his
soul?"I've
seen that lately
with
offers and things you get,
and you realize,
"None of this will change
me."None
of
this will change Diana; none of this
will change him. But as He said,
"Go back to the main thing all the
time.
Go back to the janitor. Go back to the
way it was here. What got you here in
the first place?
Don't add to and supplement new things
in. Just keep being alone with
me."The
guy that sits at the
dryer and folds laundry,
the one that cleans the toilets, the one
that takes care of his
kids—always
keep the main thing the main
thing, no matter how big things get
around you.
I realize it's not just an outward
thing; it's a heart thing.
There's a lot I see that's
been bothering
me
lately.
I've been very annoyed
with people coming from Chicago and
people coming to
church.
I go to church to go to church. I'm not
there to answer your questions
about
what you should do to dig in the side
of a mountain to find gold, or prophetic
words where you're seeking a fortune
teller. I'm not a fortune teller. I
don't have control over it. But there
are
so many people—I've looked at the
emails and the bombardment of
things—you've
lost
your way.
And I am not here to help you find it
in that way. "What do I do with my
life?"That's
for God to tell you. I have
no idea.
But there are so many people that
are so dysfunctional.
There's so much dysfunction in the body
of Christ.
And I'm here to tell you: keep the
main thing the main thing.
Your dysfunction is a
lack of
vertical
focus.
You must keep your eyes on Him. Stop
going horizontal.
Horizontal is looking at me;
horizontal is looking at your pastor.
Keep your eyes on Jesus; He's the
author and the finisher of our faith.
If you keep your eyes on Him, everything
else will line up
perfectly.
Do you understand?
And there are so many of you thinking
you're listening to the Lord, but you're
listening to familiar spirits because
you don't get in this book.
You're looking through
religious, weird eyes,
and the things you're meditating on are
demonic.
You're listening to familiar
spirits. I can see them behind your eyes
when I'm there. But am I supposed
to call you out and lay hands on you,
cast the devils out of you right there?
So you've got demons? No, because you're going
to fight me. You want the devils you
have,
but I'm not here to pick at you.
But I'm not going to allow you to waste
my time.
My time's precious to me.
And there's so much of it
lately—people
trying to waste your time.
Time wasters.
Everybody feels they have an entitlement
to talk to you. Everybody feels they
have an entitlement to say something or
whatever, and you go,
"You don't have anything
for me."I
just go back to the little place of my
square with my wife and my kids. And
it's like Diana said to me:
"Isn't it amazing how many people come
out of the woodwork after all this?
The bigger the channel gets, the
bigger the influence, the bigger
stuff goes,
they come out of the woodwork saying,
'Hey, don't you remember me?'"Do you
understand?
I think it's interesting because people
try to come out of the woodwork
and all of a sudden you go, "I just want
to go back to the
closet
and sit there."I don't care about all
this stuff.
I don't care about all the preaching
engagements.
I'm just a simple person,
but I love having a relationship with
Him.
So that's what I had for you all today.
So let's pray and let's take
communion together and let's just seek
the Lord for a little bit. Who wants to
pray with me and go
tubing?
I'm so thankful for every single one of
you.
Isn't Jesus wonderful?
So Father, we just thank you for the
body that was broken for us.
We thank you, Lord, that you died and
you rose again on the third day. And
we're thankful, Father, that you become
life again;
that you died, you suffered, you went
through all of it so that we don't have
to.
Lord, we keep the main thing the main
thing, keeping you vertical.
All this other stuff, God, is just
stuff.
We take the body and we lift it up
before you, God, and we thank you
that healing belongs to us.
Deliverance belongs to us, and by your
stripes, Lord, we're healed.
Thank you, Father.
Thank you, Father. You were wounded for
our transgressions. You were bruised for
our iniquities. The chastisement of our
peace was upon you, and with your
stripes we're healed.
And we take this body right now in
Jesus'name.
Lord, we plead the blood.
Lord, we take the blood. We apply the
blood and we make much of the blood, and
the blood makes much of us. We thank
you, Lord, for the blood. We thank you,
Lord, that it's never lost its
power. That when we confess our sins,
you're faithful and just to forgive us
of our sins and cleanse us from all
unrighteousness. Now, Father, today we
enter in by the blood of the Lamb.
We come and sit at your throne by the
blood
and we come up higher by the blood.
It's never lost its power. It is never
changed—Jesus
Christ, the same
yesterday, today, and forever.
And Lord, we thank you for it right now.
We apply the blood of Jesus over us
right now and over our sins, over all of it.","corrections":[{"sentence":"Touch, [fur], all this stuff.","originalWord":"fur","proposedWord":"fire","confidence":0.9},{"sentence":"There's no [pariting].","originalWord":"pariting","proposedWord":"parroting","confidence":1.0},{"sentence":"She wasn't trying to [emic] herself off of somebody
else.","originalWord":"emic","proposedWord":"mimic","confidence":0.8},{"sentence":"Will they find me in a deeper [intimate]?","originalWord":"intimate","proposedWord":"intimacy","confidence":0.95},{"sentence":"Who wants to pray with me and go [tubing]?","originalWord":"tubing","proposedWord":"YouTube-ing","confidence":0.8}]}
And we thank you, Lord.
We're so grateful, Father.
I plead the blood over anything you
want to show me today
as a nation.
I cover my eyes in the blood; I cover my
spiritual eyes. And we thank you, Lord.
Satan, we tell you, you are under our
feet.
We bind you and we take authority
over you. We hear the good Lord's
voice, and a stranger's voice we won't
follow. We don't even recognize your
voice because you are so foreign to us.
We're so close to the Lord Jesus. We
know immediately when a stranger's voice
comes in
because we're that close to the Father.
We're that close to the throne that
for
any kind of foreign voice, you're
going to go, 'That is not my Lord.
That is not my Lord. That is the devil,
or a demon, or a familiar spirit.'We know
exactly who you are and we cast you out
in the name of Jesus. We hear the good
Lord's voice and He is leading us and
He's guiding us in all truth.
We're so close to the throne. We're so
close to you, Lord, that there is not
even a crack for the devil to come in
and deceive us.
He tries to come in as an angel of light
and we go, 'No, your light is
darkness.'Even
in your greatest
time of trying, you have nothing that
compares to my God.
I plead the blood of Jesus over us and
we thank you for the blood right now in
Jesus'name.
Let's start praying that over us.
We
recognize the good Lord's voice so much
so
that even if the devil is trying to mimic it,
you're so spiritually in tune,
you're so spiritually one with the
Father,
that even when the devil's trying
his best to deceive
you, you recognize immediately
when the thief comes
and you say, 'Get out of here in the
name of
Jesus.'You
don't question it because
automatically you're just one
with the Father. Our heartbeats are
beating together.
I'm one with the Lord. His heartbeat is
my heartbeat.
As He is, so are we in this world. His
heartbeat is my heartbeat.
His breath is my breath. His voice is my
voice. His eyes are my eyes. We think, we
move, we have our being in Him.
So we don't sit there and question, 'Is
this the devil talking?'You know when
the devil's talking. You know why?
Because it is so foreign.
I'm familiar with the
Father's voice; I'm not familiar with
the devil's.
You know what I'm saying?
So, instantaneously, when I
hear somebody that's not like my Father,
I go, 'That's definitely the
devil,'because
I know my Father.
There're
so many people going,
'Do you think you're listening
to a
familiar spirit?'I know
that I know, just as much what He
doesn't say as when He does.
I refuse to sit there and meditate on
what the devil sounds like.
Why do you take your time out of your
day to meditate on the devil's voice?
I meditate on the good Lord's voice.
And the more I keep in sync with Him and
going
vertical, I don't have to question
whether or not it's the devil's voice
because
I know in whom I have believed.
I know what and whom I am with.
I don't question whether it is Diana or
Braden.
I know my son's voice and I know my
wife's voice.
I don't go, 'I
don't know. I
have to think about it. Say something,
Braden.''Hey,
what's
up?'I
know that's immediately my son right
then,
right?
Do you get that? 'Hey, how are you
doing?''Hi,
Dad. How are you doing?'And
I go,
'Is that the devil?
Who is that? Is that Bob's voice from down the
road?'And
you know why? Because I'm familiar
with it.
So many people question, 'I don't know if
that's the good Lord's voice or
not. I think that could be a familiar
spirit. Are you sure you're
hearing?'I
know in whom I have believed. I spend
time with Him. 'Say something, Braden.''How
are
you
doing?'I
know his voice. That's Braden.
I don't question whether or not that's
somebody else's. That's not my
brother's son;
that's my son.
My wife says something to me,
I know that's my baby.
I know her. Why? I've spent twenty-six years
with her, almost
since we've been dating. All of it. We've
been together a long time. I don't
question it
at all.
Why?
Because
I have repetition.
There ain't no woman that can deceive me
from my wife's voice.
There're
so many people that are always
questioning about, 'Are you listening
to
demonic?'I
want to question you:
how are you so familiar with the devil's
voice that you don't know his voice?
How have you become so familiar with the
devil
that you don't know your Father's voice?
You
question it.
I don't question it at all.
Just as much as I'm so confident and I'm
listening to my son,
I don't question it at all.
Do you understand what I'm trying to
get across today?
There're
so many people that spend so
much time going
horizontal
that you become so familiar with the
devil's voice that you let him become
familiar, but
you think you mix them together.
There is a great difference
in the Father's voice and the devil's
voice.
There's a great difference.
It's insulting
for some of you to say
the devil sounds like the Lord
because
you never spend time with Him.
It's insulting,
not to me but to our Father,
because
they don't sound anything alike.
Truly,
even on his
highest greatest day, he's nothing like
my Father.
Everything that he's ever tried to do to
be anywhere close to our Father fails by
a lot, by billions of miles. It's a long shot
compared to how great and how awesome
our Father is.
Spend time with the Father and you'll
never question it again because you'll
become familiar with His voice.
That's how insulting it is to somebody
who really truly walks with Him. Because—not
about me—but
because
that's how stupid you sound.
Does that make sense what I'm saying?
I hope it does to some of you. Because I'm just
like,
my God, how could you
compare the two?
That shows the lack of intimacy you really
have with Him.
Even to the elites that think
they
know
Him—there's
a lot of you.
They make these YouTube videos and
try to sound like they're all spiritual
about it and saying anything, but they're
the furthest away because they
don't know Him themselves either, but they
pretend they do. And they have a YouTube
channel and they may have a platform,
but they don't know Him at all
because they question themselves. And I'm
thinking,
don't you have discernment? You can
know anything, but yet you're so
spiritually cold because you're so trying to
fill the void of
validation from man.
But be secure in who He is with you. I
don't need you.
If you all leave today, guess where I'm
going to go? Still back to where I've
always been.
He'll provide. He takes care of me and
He watches over me.
I am His.
I am His and He is mine.
What happens is when I go horizontal,
looking at all the comments and the
emails, and they pull me away from the
main thing. He snatches me back with His
love
and He pulls me back and He says,
'Listen,
you're getting
off.'Thank
you.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
He gave His life;
what more could
He give?
Oh, how He loves you.
Oh, how He loves me.
Oh, how He loves you and me.
Lord, you're so good and your mercy
endures forever.
Oh, holy, holy, holy is the Lord of
hosts, who was and is and is to come.
We bless your name, O Lord.
We bless your name.
We thank you, Lord, that you draw us to
your side today.
We lift up President Trump before you,
Father. We thank you, Lord, right now in
the name of Jesus that every foul devil
from hell that has been assigned to
knock him down.
We thank you, Lord, that we put people
around him to pray. We lift him up
before you right now. That he hears your
voice and a stranger's voice will not
follow. That he'll take no ungodly
counsel from people, that
he'll
take godly counsel
concerning how to run the nation,
concerning how to do the things he's
doing. That, Father, he humbles
himself underneath the mighty hand of
God and in due time you said you would
exalt him.
I thank you, Father, right now that
you've called him and you've chosen him
for such a time as this to lead this
nation. Father, we pray over his
health, we pray over his mind, we pray
over his emotions. We pray over him,
Father, that he will live long and
finish strong,
Father, that he doesn't get weary in
well-doing
with the bombardment of the
wicked.
We pray the angelic host of aid and
assistance all around him.
Father, around his children, around Don
Jr., Eric,
Tiffany, Ivanka, Barron,
Kai,
I pray a hedge around them in
the name of Jesus, that the angels of the
Lord are around and about them. That no
weapon formed against them will prosper.
I thank you, Father, that your word says
that a thousand shall fall at their side
and 10,000 at their right hand, but
nothing shall come nigh them.
We put angels around it. I thank you,
Father, concerning Iran that, Father,
we liberate the people of Iran, that
he has boldness in the decision he's
going to make.
Father, concerning the Supreme Court
justice,
Father, we thank you, Lord, that we have
favor in the name of Jesus and that
you're working on the hearts of men and
women
right now.
That the heart of the land, the
man and the woman, is in your hand
and that you prick the hardest of
hearts.
Father, I call our economy to flourish
for this window of time in the name of
Jesus. We call a divine turnaround. We
call a divine reversal. And we say in
the name of Jesus, we have more time.
That Father, the wealth of the sinner is
laid up for the righteous. I
cause
certain cryptos to go up in value. And I
say in the name of Jesus, Satan, get
your hands off of what belongs to us,
that the wealth of the sinner is laid up
for the righteous. And a turnaround's
coming right now in
Jesus'name.
We call precious metals to skyrocket
in Jesus'name.
We call
cryptos to skyrocket. We call laws to be
made and for it not to be so
volatile,
for stability to hit the market in the
name of Jesus. For every distraction,
for every demonic plan, for it to be
foiled in
Jesus'name,
for manipulation to stop.
From BlackRock to JP Morgan,
through
government interference
from China to Japan to South Korea
to Europe.
For
even our own people lowering it down to
buy more. I see it.
Manipulation and greed is what we're
seeing right now.
I'll give you one more round.
Press into me.
It's concerning how you know it's the
blessing on Israel. Like I've told
you,
the Antichrist spirit is right off the
shores.
The Antichrist spirit in the storm of
the Antichrist is being held back and
it's right at your shores. I see the cloud of the
storm on the East Coast and
it's right at the shores.
In this valley of decision, the one
nation under God,
we call a divine reversal. We
will remain a sheep nation; we will not
be a goat nation. We call those things
that be not as though they were. We call
President Trump's mind sound and the
divine reversal is coming. We call it
right now in the name of Jesus for
supernatural wealth transfer to come now
in
Jesus'name.
There are more that are with us than
there are with
them.
As I look into this concerning 2026,
oh
Father,
I'm not moved by what I see. I'm not
moved by what I feel. I'm moved by what
the word of God says
as
the plan they have to try to take it
down
for midterm manipulation
starting now.
What's already a fragile
waterfall, they
are
trying
to push him over the waterfall for
election manipulation.
You need to hear what I'm
hearing right now. This is very serious.
You must stand.
It's around this Olympics.
It's
the Antichrist agenda
with CERN,
and I see the Vatican
and
all of Europe
summoning that Hitler spirit again,
calling for greater war.
We
stand
in
the
gap
for the president of the United States
to keep him strong,
that
Satan will not have him. A
reprobate
mind will
not have him.
That he will not lose his focus.
We call his mind to clear up,
that thing that is poking and pecking at
his mind. We take
authority over his mind. We pray over
his mind. We hold his mind in the
blood in Jesus'name, that the angels of
the Lord would camp around and about his
White House. The angels of the Lord
would camp around and about the Oval
Office.
You regress in the name of Jesus.
You
don't
realize
how
much
is
holding
in
the
balance
for
what's
truly
about
to
try
manifest
upon
the
nations.
You
must
come
up
higher
in
the
prayer
time
with
me.
We've
got
to
come
up
higher.
Open
the
doors.
We
call it a divine reversal. We call,
'Satan, you get your hands
off.'Angels,
aid and assistance on this.
I see these
elitists
of what I want to call these heads of
the Illuminati, these dark figures are
all having satanic
practices
together trying to come against the
finances.
The Lord
says
that you must assemble yourselves together
as believers to pray, for certain things
will only be accomplished through
corporate prayer.
Churches must come together and
unite with what's trying to happen.
As the occult does their thing, the
greater works will you do
and it will flow through you through
corporate prayer to bring down these
strongholds that Satan
is trying to do over your nation.
Praying over President Trump. He
said, 'This is why I hold
the church accountable.
They must take their head out
of the sand
and come have a
camaraderie of circling him
in
prayer.'Circling
President Trump in prayer on all sides
joined
together in a circle around and
about the man, around and about his
family, lifting his hands and praying,
for great witchcraft and satanic
things are trying to come against him.
When
the
enemy tries to come in like a flood,
the Spirit of the Lord raises a
standard against him.
The Lord said you must
pray for a circle around and about him.
Angels, aid and assistance from all
sides.
I see that Antichrist spirit being held
on the East Coast.
And
we hold it at bay in
Jesus'name.
This is interesting. It's like little, you
know how they do the chemtrails?
These are black clouds coming out of the
land on the East Coast. There's black
chemtrails with demonic spirits that
look like the things on the Wizard of Oz,
the little monkey devils. They're coming
out of that black cloud and they're
bringing chemtrails of black like ropes,
and they're going from the East Coast to
the West Coast,
bringing black chemtrails over our
nation.
And they look like little imp,
bat-like
monkeys, and they're going out of that
black cloud and they're trying to bring
forth ropes of
demonic little black chemtrails, and
they're bringing them over, one's
going this way, one's going that way, and
it's trying to black
out the blue sky. I see chemtrails
coming out of that black, and they're all
going like they're trying to thread a
needle—like
when you pull the
quilt—and
it goes clear over. Some of them
go into Hawaii and some of them go, but a
lot of them all ran outside of the water
of California, Oregon,
Seattle, Washington.
We bring those down in the name of
Jesus. Angels of the Lord, aid and
assistance before us.
Clear the sky.
You will not darken us.
You will not do this
assignment.
We call divine reversal.
We contend for what you have
for us in Jesus'name. We hold fast. We lay hold to it. We contend for
it in
the name of Jesus. We say, 'Satan,
you'll not have this
land.'The
angels of the Lord are
manifested
and making war against you right now.
Archangels of the Lord, warring angels,
Michael and his warring angels, go now
and make war against them.
We thank you, Lord,
that the angel of the Lord and
the end
times are right there
for
the greatest harvest of souls.
We're calling it in: a shaking to awaken,
to wake up.
For we see the Son of Man coming in the
clouds.
We believe, Jesus, that you're coming
in our lifetime.
Will
you contend for what I've called you
to contend for?
Standing in the gap, and I'll open the
door.
As they devise a plan of wickedness
before thee,
all hidden things be a plot.
I see
a plot against
your nation from the enemy within that
is camouflaged.
But this camouflage doesn't really look
like camouflage to me: edge white
checker
squares, white squares, gray,
black, dark gray,
purple-looking
colors that are squares.
It's a camouflage.
They're using some kind of... it looks
like a green
witch finger,
like on the Wizard of Oz again, but it's
looking at ancient writing on a tablet.
It's a
black-looking
slate
tablet that looks like onyx, but on this
thing, it looks like an old spell like that.
Like what I've told you before:
ancient angelic demonic code, and they're
trying to put it through AI,
trying to conjure up new demonic
witchcraft that's old,
calling forth this Nephilim stuff
through portals.
They're trying to open up portals
and
deceive the land.
Today,
I bind that witchcraft in the name of
Jesus. You'll not touch us.
I plead the blood
over the prayer today. We bind this in
the name of Jesus. Cease and desist in
your maneuvering
in the name of Jesus.
We plead the blood of Jesus over the land
for a major move of
what
I call revival. I call every
occultic
assignment.
The revival is coming over the land. The
greater works will we do,
for it is flowing over
the land.
I see 2026 highlighted, 2027,
and I see storms,
but out of it is like a
parting of the storm, and I see the glory
of the Lord shining through.
You contend for it.
You cannot be lazy
pushing back this demonic
agenda.
Agenda 2030. Putting a kink in the hose
concerning 2030,
a demonic agenda
of control and social control.
President Trump is the
roadblock,
the log in the road to delay 2030.
Do you hear what I'm trying to tell you?
President Trump
and his administration right now is the
roadblock concerning the witchcraft and
Agenda 2030.
And that's why the Lord has said, 'Pray
for this man, the valley of
decision.'This
is where we are
praying over him saying, 'We'll make a
nation under God; we'll decree it again
over 250
years.'Pray
this
comes to fruition.
Pray
for protection over the prayer event.
Because the Bible says, 'If my people
who are called by my name
will humble themselves and pray and turn
from their wicked ways, then we will
hear from heaven.'And he said, 'He
will
heal our land.'We have a window
to pray for what
we're believing for as a nation
because as America goes, so does the
rest of it.
But Trump right now is a block to Agenda
to delay
it.
It
won't be stopped altogether
forever, but it can be delayed to give
us more time.
You need to hear me.
This will not be totally derailed, but
it
can be delayed by putting a log
in the middle of the train track.
It only delays the inevitable.
Agenda 2030 will come to full
fruition;
it is the beast system.
As I see this occultic
thing
and as he is exposing Epstein and
all this darkness coming up in the news
with reporters
saying their mothers are missing,
there's greater darkness to this than
what you realize. They are trying to hush and
silence people.
Great embarrassing moments are coming,
but they would try to suppress their
embarrassment
by bully tactics.
That's why the church must pray Holy
Ghost prayers,
not weak anemic prayer—prayer with a
backbone. We say in the name of Jesus,
we have one more round of a blessing and
increase
holding back the 2030 agenda.
I'm telling
you by the spirit of God what I see
right now:
I see the storm and it's on the
shoreline.
If Trump doesn't finish his term, there's
a storm that will take over this nation.
The
Lord said, 'I'm holding the church
accountable.
How will you stand in the
gap?'He's
already trying.
Even with what is pecking his mind, you
can see he's not all clear.
Pray over his mind.
There is a demonic spirit that even
attacked Joe Biden's mind
that's trying to attack his mind.
It's the same spirit that pecked Joe
Biden's mind.
It is a spirit of Leviathan trying to
choke out the life of their mind so that they
don't think right.
Sleepy Joe just yielded to it and that
snake wrapped around his body and
started talking in his ear.
If he can get a stronghold on
America
and
our media, if he can get the praying
believers to get discouraged and the
church doesn't start preaching the truth and
righteousness and repentance and
holiness back in the pulpits,
as America goes, so does the world in
prayer and fasting and
raising a standard up against him.
No, you will not have it. We will have a
revival. We will have a last outpouring.
We will see the wealth of
our Father. The harvest is plentiful
and the labors are few. We will go into
the
outermost
parts of the world and
bring forth this harvest.
That one man
the Lord is using
to be that roadblock.
You'll
thank me so much in the days ahead that
Kamala Harris didn't
open
the floodgates to it.
We would be on a fast
track right now, on the fast lane
on the highway, going on the Autobahn
towards the antichrist agenda
if Kamala Harris was over our
nation.
Oh my God,
what God spared us from. But we have not
prayed enough. And that's why the Lord
said, 'Pray for
him.'We
pray for him on all sides that no
weapon, no bullet comes near him. We
pray that they will not take his life. I
see a plan.
I see conspiracy.
You say, 'What is
a plot
of trying to remove this man
Macron
and these elitists over in
Europe?'because
he's coming against the WHO.
He's coming against the UN.
I'm telling you we must pray for this
man.
So, Father, we lift him up before You
that he will live long and finish
strong.
His heart, his veins, his body is
protected. His marriage is sound. His
children are sound. Father, I pray
around and about him that there are godly
men and godly women around that
have that backbone like a crowbar that
will stand for righteousness and truth
will prevail.
Glory,
glory, hallelujah.
His truth is marching
on.
I've strained my voice.
Father, we thank You, Lord. That's what
I'm hearing.
We will finish what we're called
to do. And we stand today, Father, in
the name of Jesus.
Every plot, every plan, every
demonic stronghold of ideas and
ideology, Father, we break it down in
Jesus'name.
You fall at our feet. Every
demonic assignment against his life
will fall at our feet in Jesus'name. He
has confidence, but he's not
full of pride.
We thank You, Lord, that he humbles
himself because he realizes that
we don't use You, Lord, You use
us.
We go vertical,
and all the arrogance of how great we
did with the 3rd of January and all the
things with Venezuela,
Father, we give You the glory because we
know You did it to liberate those
people.
It wasn't how great our military was or
how good our equipment was; it was how
good God was
because He wanted those people
liberated
so that they were able to worship freely
without persecution
on another scale. And now God, do it
again with Iran,
and do it again with Cuba.
Do it again with North Korea.
Do it again, Father. Shake the nations
for a great move of God that will go all
around this world as a witness unto
You, and then the end will come.
Shake the nations. Wake up the nations
through the valley of the dry bones. Can
these bones live?
I yield to the anointing of the
prophetic.
And we hear what You're saying to the
nations.
I yield.
Oh, glory,
hallelujah.
I see Abraham Lincoln.
I see the battleship again. I pray
for
protection over our servicemen and
women.
I pray over our boats in that ocean.
I pray over them right now. Every boat,
every plot, every plan of drone attack,
every
base,
every black swan event concerning
the Olympics, I call you foiled and
brought to justice.
You will not hurt or harm anyone in
the skating
rinks,
the races,
and
the opening ceremony
in the next couple of hours.
We cover a protection.
I see so much darkness concerning this. No,
no,
it's like these ceremonies are
circling around these events.
Super Bowl,
are you listening to me? It's the
Illuminati.
It's the Agenda 2030 circling around
the Olympics opening, the closing
ceremony,
and
the whole
Super Bowl this weekend.
It's all part of the Illuminati. It's all darkness.
I see this darkness that is over. It's a
dark purple concerning the Super
Bowl
and what the halftime show
tries to project. It's them. It's their way of
communication.
It's almost like
they've
put a spell on it
to try to
project it.
The Lord says
you will see certain commercials with
influence
with 2030 agenda
pushing what the
Mahdi
pushing the summoning
through their
propaganda.
I hear the word propaganda,
a great trying to stir up their
propaganda of their agenda. This is the
Illuminati, the darkness
that is on these elitists
that they are yielded directly to the
devil himself
and what they are trying to do with these
ancient tablets.
Where did they find these ancient
tablets, Lord?
It's spells they've used in the past
concerning World War II.
The Rockefellers, the Titanic.
I see Rockefeller's Titanic.
This is part of the Nephilim. This
is the reptilian bloodline.
This is reptilian. This is demonic. It
goes clear through the Rockefeller
demonic strongholds.
And the Lord said they're trying to
conjure up things that they've conjured
up in the past through witchcraft
incantations and chants through
bringing up things to try to bring World
War
II
about. It's a sickness.
Watch for black swan events.
Watch for great distractions again to
get a foothold and a stronghold back
in your media.
They
are
losing their influence, and they
will, in the days ahead, a great push
for MSNBC, CNN,
ABC, CBS, NBC. A great push for them to
get back that stronghold that they're
losing.
I see these dark planned events.
I see the swan and
I see Macron on the swan again.
I see dark. This is not necessarily about
Macron riding a swan;
this is
an ideology, a way of thinking.
He is the poster boy for the New World
Order.
Macron. The Lord said Macron is the poster
boy for the New World Order,
the Ishmael,
the forerunner to the antichrist.
You'll see a greater voice
before
new positions are opening up for him,
new doors have
opened. You haven't seen the
last of him yet,
trying to do things with the UN to
try
to salvage.
There is a demonic ploy.
They're upset because he's the robot
and
doing it 2030. They
want to do digital facial IDs and
things, so they try to crumble the
economy
to manipulate and put pressure
with these certain things they have
leverage over.
Remember the
rapids in front of the banks with the
crypto floating down it?
Remember the rapids with the crypto,
gold, and silver floating down
it? You saw gold bars
and
silver floating down the rapids. This
was a very turbulent time
as you saw BlackRock in a storm over
here,
but you saw certain people making bank
legislative
deals
with certain
Garlinghouse
because this is the
foundation for banking wire-to-wire
transport
for a digital age that brings
forth the Beast system.
He stands out for a reason.
It's because of what the software
represents.
It's all a demonic ploy.
But it's all going down the
rapids.
I told you 2026 would be a rapids
turbulent
time
in front of the banks
as they fight because they want
what's theirs.
They're attacking it.
I showed you in
the vision weeks ago.
They're attacking it,
and they're behind
this door and this door. They're all
arguing
because of the new laws that are trying
to be put into place.
So they attack it to make it look like
it's not viable. Look, it's very unstable.
It's their way of manipulating.
They bought stakes in it and they rip it
out and they try to make it fall
to make it look like it's not viable.
Do you see what they're doing? So, it
makes it turbulent in front of the major
banks.
It's all
moving, but it's the banks
manipulating it and BlackRock is over to
the side.
Remember
the
Lord said, 'Remember this is the vision
I told you was
coming.'Gold,
silver, coin, Bitcoin—these things
were moving down that river, and there
were
rapids in front of the banks.
He said 2026 will be rapids, and
they'll
have one man
at the table
who
brings an agreement between the
two.
One man will have the answers to bring them
together, and
he looked like Jared Kushner.
That's what it looked
like—this
guy looked like he would bring
an
agreement between the two. And they shake
hands.
Crypto and banking will shake hands.
But there are rapids in front of it right
now
because the banks don't want
interference from crypto,
and it will be very
turbulent.
That's the
interpretation. Do you remember that?
But there will be laws signed
for certain because they have
to bring them together, and things will be said.
This is what you're praying over right
now. The Lord said this is what you're
praying over.
I see it so clearly, Lord.
I thank you.
It's an attack against gold
and
silver because they had
heavy hands in it so they could
manipulate it
to get their agenda.
That's interesting.
So they put out false news articles
to stir up fear.
They
want
fear to get a stronghold back in it.
They don't want the wealth transfer.
They don't want this. They want to
control things.
Do you understand?
It's how they do it: fear
greed index, fear index.
I see it so
clearly.
The Lord said there'll be more
shakeouts and
fakeouts.
You have to be anchored in Him
and what He tells you to do.
It's not for the weak
of heart or weak of stomach.
You have to be rooted in Him
to listen to Him
on when to fold them and when to hold
them.
Listen to me.
It's to shake the people up.
'Oh no, the sky is falling.
It's going to
zero.'Do
you see it, son?
It's so clear. I see it. 'Oh no, it's
going to zero.'Shakeouts
and fakeouts.
Very turbulent
waters
in front of the banks.
Major skyscrapers.
So you have to be listening and paying
attention to Him. Know when to hold them, know
when
to fold them.
Don't listen to people. Listen to the
Holy Spirit and what He tells you to do.
It's all part of Agenda
2030.
He's coming. The Lord's coming,
and they know it.
So, Father, we thank you, Lord.
No matter how loud they try to get
during the Super Bowl,
no matter how loud they try to get
in the Olympics and the opening ceremonies,
closing ceremonies, and
any black swan events, we pray over the
people that they're always in the right
place at the right time. There will be
nobody hurt
with the demonic things they try to
conjure up.
I thank you, Father,
that the light shines brighter.
He said, 'Pray over
Kid Rock
and
Turning Point. Turning Point's doing something.'And
the Lord
said, 'Pray over
that.'Father,
I thank you, Lord, that the
Turning Point rally,
our crowd,
their concert—whatever this is, I don't
know what this is, but I see to pray
over it. I pray protection over it. I
pray protection over Kid Rock, over
these people. And Father, I thank you,
Lord, that we shine brighter than the
bunny.
We shine brighter and get more views
than the bunny.
The bunny is going away.
I can't use that other word. The bunny
will be mounted;
we'll put it on our fireplace.
The bunny's going away and the other
is
rising up in
Jesus'name.
People will click out of it and say, 'We
are
not going to watch this trash and
this witchcraft.'This
is
a push for whatever this
is. They're going to push it:
anti-Trump, anti-ICE. All this is
coming—very
strong
political theater
coming and even stronger in 2026. That's
why we will continue to pray on this
channel,
and we're so grateful that you came here
today.
We pray over the
land.
We pray over his mind, over his body,
over everything he's
doing today. We thank you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for President Trump
today.
We pray over President Trump today.
We lift him up before you today. We
thank you, Lord, that you have greater
things in store. Greater things are yet
to come.
Greater things are still to be done in
this city.
Greater things are yet to come. Greater
things are still to be done
in this city.
We lift up this time before you, Father.
We thank you, Lord, for a divine
reversal.
I see the cloud the size of a
man's hand.
A divine reversal is coming in the name
of Jesus across the land.
We call for a change in tide. We call for the
change in the name of Jesus, that the
righteous rise up with a backbone like a
crowbar and we take the land for Jesus.
All to Jesus we surrender; all to you we
humbly bow. We thank you, Lord, that
you're not done with America yet.
We thank you, Lord, for a president
who
says we'll have a prayer meeting. We're
going to have a prayer meeting
in May. We're going to have a prayer
meeting in these timeframes, and we're
calling the nation to pray
that we will have a red wave,
that they'll not get the House back or
the Senate.
The sky is not falling, Chicken
Little. We have one more round of
change,
that we'll have a major revival. Father,
we're calling it in right now.
We're believing.
We stir ourselves up. No matter what we
see, no matter what we feel, we're
not moved by what we see. We're not
moved by what we feel. We're moved by
what the word of God says.
And
Father, I thank you, Lord, that the people
will see the darkness even as tonight,
and
they'll realize and run to the
light.
People will see the darkness and
they will run to the light.
Did they have their ceremony yet?
Opening ceremony?
Is that what you're looking at?
That the people will see the darkness
and they will run to the light. Father,
we
thank you, Lord.
And Father, I thank you, Lord, that
Jerome Powell's
position will be filled with the person
who's
supposed to be there. And I ask
you to close the doors to the person
who's not.
If that man is not supposed to be in
there and that woman is, I ask you to
shut the doors through the Senate. You
harden their hearts like you did
Pharaoh.
That it will be impossible to pass it
if your hand is against him.
And Lord will put the right person over
the Fed
in the name of Jesus,
that President Trump
will not be like Mr. Magoo.
Mr. Magoo always seemed to solve
the case.
But Lord, we don't want to have to pray
for Mr. Magoo like that. As he's stepping
on things, you're going over ledges and
you're going, 'Is he going to make it
through there?'Father, help Mr. Magoo
not to be Mr. Magoo
because he acted like Mr. Magoo.
Mr. Magoo got there and
everything happened, but our
toes were sweating while we watched the
show.
I thank you, Father,
that President Trump is not Mr. Magoo.
Help us to have a leader that is not
like Joe Biden.
His mind is sharp
and alert,
and he has great discernment in who to
trust,
and he'll finish his race strong in
Jesus'name.
We believe it, Father.
We call it done,
and we give you all the glory, honor,
and praise for it. Well, we love you.
We pray this video blessed you today.
I feel like that's good today. We'll
come back and pray again.
I'm so glad you came today. I
really am. Thank you for honoring me
with your time and coming and praying
with our family, and
what a blessing you all are. Every
single one of you. If you could like,
subscribe, click the notification bell,
click the thumbs up, do all the
things you can to help us with the
algorithm.
I thank you for praying for me,
praying for my wife, praying for my
family.
We've truly needed it. And we're so
grateful
that every single one of you would be
here and support us the
way you have.
I'm not moved by what I
see around me.
I'm so thankful for the blood of Jesus.
I'm so thankful for the authority of the
believer.
We believe it in this household and my
wife and I stand on it.
Even whenever
the enemy doesn't like it when you're
doing what we're doing, we know that
he's defeated and we're so grateful that
we are
believing
believers with the authority of the
believer in these last days, and the
best is yet to come.
So, that's what we had for you all
today.
We'll be back again. We'll pray over the
Olympics, we'll pray over tomorrow,
Saturday, and we'll pray over the Super Bowl
on Sunday. There's a lot more here to be
praying over, and so we're so thankful
for every single one of you. Remember,
put a smile on your face
and a song in your heart. Jesus loves
you and we love you. God bless you all
and we'll see you again. Bye-bye.